[AUDIO LOGO]
>> MIKE HERRERA: Skywatcher is
an independent group that's more
along the lines of getting the
data of non-human intelligence,
such as the craft, in
order to initiate contact.
That's really what
we want to accomplish
is having the face to face
interaction with them, if they
feel safe enough to do so.
The truth is, everybody
can get involved
if they know how to do it.
What I hope is that everybody
takes it serious enough
to want to be curious to
know how to do it, and know
how to do it safely and get the
responses that they need to.
Because in a sense, that's
their own personal disclosure.
>> JOSH GOLEMBESKE: What's
the next major step in this
disclosure process?
[MUSIC PLAYING]
While governments remain guarded
about non-human intelligence,
smaller independent groups
are already making contact,
and on their own terms.
Today, on Cosmic
Disclosure, we're
joined by former US Marine
Mike Herrera, who is now
an advocate for Skywatcher, an
advanced team exploring psionics
and direct interaction with
non-human intelligence.
I'm Josh Golembeske,
MUFON field investigator,
and your guest host.
Mike, welcome to the show.
>> HERRERA: Thank you
for having me back on.
>> JOSH: First of all, thank you
for your service and also thank
you for continuing
to come forward.
This conversation
in particular, I'm
really excited about
because Skywatcher
is one of the few
things I really think
could lead to a
public disclosure.
Let's just start with the
basics for the audience.
What exactly is Skywatcher
and how did you in particular
get involved?
>> HERRERA: So Skywatcher is an
independent group, as you said,
that's more along the
lines of getting the data,
and we're talking
about hard data,
of non-human intelligence such
as the craft, different types,
what type of responses can
we gain from what we initiate
either through psionic nature,
such as machine calling or man
calling.
Machine calling,
being a device that's
used to help attract these,
or man calling, which
is psionics being used in
order to initiate contact.
>> JOSH: And just to be clear,
this is a team of former
government psionic assets
and former special forces?
>> HERRERA: Correct.
As well as scientists, there's
also an independent people
that are involved with it
that have maybe the research
know-how to conduct this.
So again, it's just
a bunch of people
from different walks of life.
>> JOSH: What is the exact
mission of Skywatcher and how is
it different, say, from an
equivalent program within one
of these black ops programs?
>> HERRERA: So this
is more public based.
This is what we want
to bring to the public.
The black version of
this, if you will,
is something that's
more along the lines
to benefit their own
type of research.
What we're trying to do is
to disclose that, take it
from behind the scenes, put
it into the public sphere,
and show people that, yes,
the phenomenon is real.
And this can be initiated
through certain people that
can make contact to do
so without being hidden.
>> JOSH: Do you collaborate
or do you communicate with
the equivalent type programs
within these black ops programs?
>> HERRERA: So there is a little
bit of collaboration involved.
We're not trying to
step on anybody's toes.
We're trying to basically
just gain the information.
We've got support from
people behind the scenes
to do this kind of work.
They're giving us their
blessings to do this.
And it's been fortunate
for them to allow
this to happen and
basically give us
the know-how and the
knowledge to make
this in the public sphere
because realistically speaking,
everybody wants the
same thing to happen.
They want disclosure
to be definite
and this is one of
the tools that's
going to help facilitate that.
>> JOSH: So there's not
any friction between?
>> HERRERA: There is stuff
I can't really talk about.
But needless to
say, we are doing
what we can as best as we can
with the tools and the assets
that we've got in
order to pull this off.
It's not going to
happen overnight.
It's not going to happen within
the first few years or so.
What we're trying
to do is essentially
get basically hard data,
whether that is for them to land
and us facilitate that.
And if that does happen, again,
you could have people come.
There's so much AI
technology that's
out there that can really
make or break things,
and it's unfortunate
that they're
going to gear it towards
something like this.
So people yes,
naturally, may dismiss
it, which is the biggest
obstacle that we have.
But at the same time, the
government to an extent
let us down.
That's why we're having
to do this method
of doing it, bypassing them and
getting the real results in.
That way, people can actually
see this for themselves.
>> JOSH: What specific hard
data are you talking about?
>> HERRERA: Craft types.
>> JOSH: Like identifying craft
types on multiple different
instruments like visual, radar?
>> HERRERA: Yes,
all of the above.
Visuals, there's things
that they actually
don't appear into,
basically, our visual range
of our spectrum.
They appear through IR.
They can appear through
infrared, which is--
I mean, that's IR.
But typically, even through
thermal, they will appear.
So there's different
spectrums that we
try to use to basically
gain that information
and say that, yes,
there is there.
Sometimes they will appear and
look like an orb at nighttime.
When you have your IR, night
vision, or anything like that,
you can actually see the
things in its entirety.
>> JOSH: What I want to know
specifically is what are
the psionic techniques used
to reach out and make contact?
>> HERRERA: So meditation is one
of the biggest keys that's used.
Remote viewing
also is the main--
I would say the
main type that they
use to initiate the contact
with non-human intelligence.
>> JOSH: Remote viewing?
>> HERRERA: Yes.
>> JOSH: And can you give a
quick definition of what remote
viewing is to you?
>> HERRERA: So remote viewing,
my understanding is that
literally getting into a state
of consciousness where you can
observe things without
being present there.
So if you want a remote, let's
say a cathedral out in Europe,
if you want to go
see what that is,
you have the ability to do
that through remote viewing.
You can use remote
viewing also as a tool
to help facilitate contact
with non-human intelligence,
such as being present in
space somewhere, inviting
them to tell them where
you're physically at,
and then them showing up
where you're physically at.
And you can see this
with your own eyes.
You experience this firsthand.
>> JOSH: So as far
as I understand,
there's two different ways
your team makes contact.
One is using psionics
and the other
is this type of technology.
Can you explain what
that technology is?
>> HERRERA: The technology is
what's referred to in the public
sphere as a dog whistle.
>> JOSH: Dog whistle.
>> HERRERA: That basically it
emits a certain frequency that
can actually attract these
different phenomena to appear.
So when we want to
use results based off
of something like
that, as opposed
to something along the lines
of like a psionic would,
we're going to try to figure out
what the stronger results are
going to be and what type of
results each field, if you will,
or each different
type of contact vessel
is going to demonstrate
different types of contact
or different types of responses.
We were trying to
figure out if it's
going to be stronger
through a dog whistle
because that's more of a
consciousness-associated
technology as opposed to
something like a psionic that
can tap into that.
So having best of
both worlds to get
both different
types of responses
is what we're logging
the data based off of.
>> JOSH: Well, can you be more
specific about what the dog
whistle actually is?
>> HERRERA: I can't talk about
that and the only reason why is
because it is classified.
Because they don't want people
to replicate it and use it
for hostile means because
it can be made into that.
>> JOSH: Can you say anything
more about it at all?
>> HERRERA: Just the fact
of it's something that can--
it's a device that can be used
and emits a certain frequency
that basically allows
them to respond to us.
>> JOSH: Like it's a
warning signal or--
>> HERRERA: No, it's just
something that attracts them.
So the only way I can
really describe it,
what was getting their attention
in the 1940s is when we were
detonating atomic weapons
because you have what's EMP,
which everybody knows.
But you also have
something that's
scalar, which is
a lot faster than.
It's multiples of
the speed of light.
This does the same
thing without having
to detonate a nuclear weapon.
>> JOSH: So from
what I can gather,
you're saying this is a scalar
technology that's putting out
a frequency range
that attracts them?
>> HERRERA: Yes.
>> JOSH: Oh, wow!
>> HERRERA: And so it's
safer, I'll put it that way.
It's something that can get
us the results that we need.
And the interesting
thing about this device
is it yields results
every time you use it.
>> JOSH: What do
you mean by safer?
>> HERRERA: So you're not having
to detonate a nuclear weapon
or atomic weapon to get
that kind of frequency.
You're not using
something that's
also going to
generate an EMP that's
going to disable equipment
or aircraft or you name it.
It's something that's
more safe in that regard.
It's safer for everybody.
It's safer for them.
And that's what we care about is
more of the safety aspect of it,
as opposed to--
>> JOSH: Tracking them and
trying to shoot them down?
>> HERRERA: Correct, which
has been the speculation.
A lot of people were thinking
that that's what Skywatcher is.
It's nothing like that.
It's more of trying to invite
them in, get them to land,
basically tell their story.
That's really what we
want to accomplish,
is having the face-to-face
interaction with them
if they feel safe
enough to do so.
There's other factions out
there that know what we're doing
and are trying to
put a stop to it,
such as scrambling their
own technologies to make
them look like they're non-human
when they're reverse engineered.
And this is what people see
the conflict in difference.
Because when they
show up, it also
interferes with
what we're trying
to do because they
will disappear
as far as the non-humans.
>> JOSH: And you've
experienced that?
>> HERRERA: Yes.
>> JOSH: Oh, really?
>> HERRERA: Oh, yeah.
>> JOSH: With the
Skywatcher team?
>> HERRERA: Not with
the Skywatcher team.
We did this in a
different aspect.
>> JOSH: So you're experiencing
face-to-face interactions with
the phenomenon?
>> HERRERA: We have not
experienced that yet.
Every time we try
to get to that point
is when either they
don't feel safe
or it's something where
usually they keep a distance.
We're trying to basically
dissect that information
to figure out what
is the hold up
and how we can
actually get them to do
what we're requesting, such
as a face-to-face interaction.
>> JOSH: So you're trying
to build to a face to face?
>> HERRERA: Yes.
>> JOSH: Right now you're seeing
them in the distance visually
or on radar or in some
sort of technology.
>> HERRERA: Yeah, we got to
figure out what type of rapport
we got to build within first.
We got to figure out what's
going to be the emphasis that's
going to make them
either feel safe
or they're going to want
to engage face to face.
Because I mean, yes, we
have to protect ourselves
in the same instance.
We have to protect them
There are different
groups out there
that are trying to curb this
whole thing from happening
because they don't want
this type of interaction
to be disclosed.
For whatever reason,
I have no idea.
But I think
personally, and I think
it's my mission that
allows this to happen,
that elevates us to a
better understanding.
Because one thing
is for certain,
if you have a civilization
out there that
is much older than us, maybe
they saw how we were created.
>> JOSH: Sure.
>> HERRERA: Maybe they have the
answers of how humanity started.
Maybe it was them
that created us.
Maybe it was God.
There's so many different
things that could
be-- that we could ask them.
And I think, ultimately,
what we need to figure out
is to learn about
ourselves before we
start to go into the
venture to learn about them.
>> JOSH: Yeah, I love this.
This is like a nonviolent way
of approaching the phenomenon.
Have you made any
steps, do you think,
getting closer to this
face-to-face interaction
you guys are trying to get?
>> HERRERA: Not to my knowledge,
but maybe some other members
of the teams probably
have initiated something,
or probably had some responses
that I don't know about.
Because like I said, I'm
an advocate towards that.
There's some things
I've done with them,
but I can't say that
I've seen everything,
you know what I mean?
>> JOSH: Yeah.
No, that's fair.
Can you walk me through,
how this protocol goes down?
Step by step, reaching out with
psionics, using the dog whistle,
and then how the
phenomenon manifests
through your
different instruments?
>> HERRERA: So yes, we do.
It's great that you said
that with instruments.
So we have different instruments
that can actually log the data.
We have visuals.
We have audiovisual.
We have all the stuff that
you could think of that
would suit the environment.
We also have things that
psionics can go work in.
And that's like a Faraday
cage, for example,
that allows them to isolate
so it makes it easier
for them to work better to
actually get the results.
So what we're trying
to do is figure out
what is the best approach
for psionic assets
that they can actually
get the same response
as a technology that is
more consciousness based.
You have technology-assisted
consciousness
and then you have
consciousness-assisted
technology.
>> JOSH: I get it.
Yeah.
>> HERRERA: That's the
biggest difference.
So what we're trying
to do is figure out
what man calling
results are going to be
and what machine calling
results are going to be.
>> JOSH: And right
now they're different?
>> HERRERA: Yes
>> JOSH: What's more successful?
>> HERRERA: Well, ones
more intuitive base.
The other one is
more result-driven
because it works every time.
So what we're trying to do
is use the intuitive base
to actually establish
a connection that's
more inviting, as opposed
to using a device that they
get curious about, and that's
what gets them to appear.
>> JOSH: Oh, that's interesting.
>> HERRERA: If that
makes any sense.
>> JOSH: So I imagine
what technology you use
in conjunction with the psionics
might elicit different crafts
appearing.
>> HERRERA: Correct.
>> JOSH: So if you
just use the tech only,
a certain type of
craft may appear.
>> HERRERA: No, they all appear,
but what we're trying to do is
use the psionic assets to make
personal contact with the beings
inside, as opposed to
attracting them with a device,
which just gets their attention.
It doesn't engage any specifics.
It's almost like if
you were to have a--
let's say, for example, you're
talking about fighter jets that
are trying to make unmanned
that have-- they have
the understanding of how
things work because it's
artificial intelligence or
it's something that's unmanned.
The difference is it
doesn't understand
what a judgment call would be.
So if we were to have a
fighter pilot, for example,
that can make different
judgment calls that
are more intuitive-based,
that are not just
programmed parameters
that react off of certain
if it appears this way.
Well, AI could say, this
is not our airspace,
or it could say that
it is our airspace.
But then the fighter
pilot's going
to know because it has
an intuitive based off
of what that person's learned.
It knows certain
things it recognizes
based off a terrain following.
>> JOSH: Sure.
>> HERRERA: Maybe the technology
can do the same thing.
But at the same time, let's say
if it's a civilian aircraft,
or maybe it might
be a civilian who
bought a fighter jet,
that's wealthy enough,
and they go flying somewhere.
Is the artificial
intelligence going
to know that that's
an enemy combatant,
or is it going to know that
it's going to be a civilian?
That's the difference
between somebody
who can make the judgment call.
There's no armament on it.
It's not painted
military or the fact
is they got in touch
with the person
to understand that it's
not a military aircraft.
We're trying to use the
same type of principle
of using the person to make that
judgment call to figure out what
it is we're trying to contact,
as opposed to a machine that's
just trying to do it for us,
just to generate the result.
This gets them to appear.
We use the psionics to make
connections to invite them in.
Does that make any sense?
>> JOSH: No, that
makes perfect sense.
I guess I'm curious about what
is that connection actually
like between the
psionic and the craft?
Do you have any information
on that or any stories
where people made
that connection?
>> HERRERA: So that connection
in itself is like how you and I
are talking, but it's
through consciousness.
That's how they operate.
>> JOSH: Non-verbal, though?
>> HERRERA: Yes.
>> JOSH: Or like a connection.
>> HERRERA: Correct.
>> JOSH: What does
that feel like?
>> HERRERA: Very strong.
Feels like some emotional type
of connection in your chest.
So when I've had experiences
with this making contact, that
was one of the things that
was very, very, very different
was the fact that you could
really feel that connection.
>> JOSH: Now, Jake Barber
explained it as this
feminine-like presence, and it
made him extremely emotional.
And he felt this divine
connection, in a way.
Was it like that
powerful for you as well?
>> HERRERA: Well, for him,
it almost made him crash that
helicopter.
It was that strong.
>> JOSH: I remember.
>> HERRERA: It was the
same thing with this.
That's what he
personally told me.
And yes, it's a very deep,
very strong connection
and it's very powerful.
And that's how you know
the difference between when
you have a technology
out there that
is piloted by non-human
intelligence as opposed
to piloted by a
pilot that's using
reverse-engineered
aircraft, that it functions
the same way as a UAP.
It can do very much
the similar things.
But the difference
is when we can
detect a non-human
intelligence following
that, we get the connection.
When we have something that's
there that has no connection,
that is how we determine that is
a man-made or reverse-engineered
type of object.
>> JOSH: When you experience
your first connection moment,
how did that impact you?
>> HERRERA: Oh, god, it was
very strong, very emotional.
It was something where there
was a sense of familiarity,
if that--
>> JOSH: Oh, really?
>> HERRERA: Yes.
If that makes sense,
it's a warm connection.
It's not like something
where like I felt threatened.
It was something that
just felt very genuine.
And it felt something
that was very reassuring.
It felt very safe.
>> JOSH: Did it feel feminine?
>> HERRERA: Not necessarily.
It felt like it was--
>> JOSH: I don't
mean like a female.
I just meant feminine energy.
>> HERRERA: No, no, no.
So when he was talking
about that was more
the safety aspect or we didn't
feel like it was harmful.
It just felt very loving to him.
There were instances I've had
where I had the same feeling.
And it was strong, but it wasn't
like that in that experience.
Because he had
control of the craft
based off the helicopter that he
was towing this thing basically
to a facility.
>> JOSH: Yeah.
>> HERRERA: And that's when
it was making the connection
because it's right there.
When we're making-- when I made
connections with these things,
they're off in the distance.
They're out in the sky.
They may be a couple miles away.
This thing was actually
really close to him,
probably hundreds or so
feet from the tow line
that they're using to basically
lift this craft up and take it
to that facility.
>> JOSH: So it was a much
stronger connection--
>> HERRERA: For him, yes.
>> JOSH: Oh, interesting.
>> HERRERA: It was more personal
interaction as opposed to just
being something that's
off in the distance,
if that makes any sense.
>> JOSH: No, yeah, totally.
I imagine, too, after
you had that experience,
it had an impact on your
life, and your purpose?
>> HERRERA: Mm-hm.
Absolutely.
And it's something
that further me to even
get involved more to try
to get this issue solved.
>> JOSH: Wow!
>> HERRERA: Because I think--
because the truth is everybody
can get involved if
they know how to do it.
What I hope is that everybody
takes it serious enough
to want to be curious to
know how to do it, and know
how to do it safely, and get
the responses that they need to.
Because in a sense, that's
their own personal disclosure.
Disclosure, for me, is
what happened in 2009
when we had-- when I saw the
technology being utilized,
that was something that, for me,
confirmed two things that day.
That we possess this
kind of technology
and we're utilizing it, but
we got it from something.
What we got it from
was NHI, obviously,
whether it was
reverse-engineered technology
or whether it was technology
that was incorporated
with non-human intelligence
type of technology integrated
into that specific craft.
>> JOSH: You're talking
about the event in Indonesia?
>> HERRERA: Yes.
>> JOSH: So you just mentioned
that this experience of contact
felt familiar to you.
What do you exactly
mean by that?
>> HERRERA: My personal
understanding is just what I
felt with myself was that maybe
this is one that I've contacted
several times doing
this approach.
It's the same being.
It may be the same craft.
Because what people
have to understand
is that the craft itself also
has a consciousness to it.
This is how the
non-humans are actually
able to interface with it, to
pilot it, and to control it.
Because some people
have speculated,
I can't verify whether
this is actual or not,
is that they said there's
no control panels,
there's no joysticks.
That you have to pilot
something like an aircraft,
for example, has a joystick
that we can manipulate
to get the airplane to
respond that we need to
or the helicopter.
They are doing this through
their consciousness,
through their means of how
they are able to do that,
to interface with the craft.
They don't have to
manipulate it physically.
It's just through consciousness.
>> JOSH: Oh, wow!
But when you say familiar,
like the first time
it felt familiar to you,
or repeated attempts--
>> HERRERA: Repeated
attempts felt familiar.
>> JOSH: But the first time it
was like an unusual connection
you never felt before?
>> HERRERA: Yes, Correct.
>> JOSH: Thanks for
clarifying that.
>> HERRERA: Absolutely.
>> JOSH: And then I know I've
heard many times that crafts are
conscious as well.
And when you're
connecting to them,
do you feel like
you're connecting
to the craft itself, or the
occupants inside of it, or both?
Or are some of these craft
probably don't have occupants?
They're probably like
autonomous drone type machines.
>> HERRERA: There are reports
that that has happened.
I know for a fact that
some of the psionics,
including me making contact,
so they can pilot a UAP.
They can connect to it and
pilot it and move it over here.
>> JOSH: That's one of
the craziest things--
>> HERRERA: What we're trying
to do is use that same type
of principle to get it to land,
but we're not trying to take
them down in a hostile manner.
We're trying to
get them to land.
That way we can
establish a connection.
The concern is we're not
trying to hijack a craft
and pilot for them
where they have
no control so we land them
and then basically have
that connection.
We want this to be more
of a diplomatic approach.
We don't want to invoke any
kind of hostility towards them.
And it's weird to say this
because living in a normal life,
you can't have this
conversation with people
to understand that
you can pilot a UAP.
>> JOSH: I've tried.
Yeah.
>> HERRERA: Oh, yeah.
But these psionics, they
know how to do that.
>> JOSH: I am overly
fascinated with this aspect
of the phenomenon.
So when you say the psionics
reach out and connect
with the craft and
are able to pilot it,
is the craft and the occupants
letting the psionic take control
as a diplomatic kind of like,
hey, we see you down there.
And we'll let you control
the craft because we
know you have these skills.
What is going on there exactly?
Do you even know?
>> HERRERA: That's
exactly what's happening.
>> JOSH: Oh, well, I nailed it.
>> HERRERA: It is a
diplomatic approach.
That's why we have to be
careful because we don't want
their interpretation
to be that we're trying
to take the craft from them.
We're not trying to do that.
We're trying to get them
to land and appear and have
a diplomatic approach
and ultimately
have a face-to-face
interaction with them, which
is what we're trying to do.
We get that result,
that is world breaking.
>> JOSH: Oh, it's historic.
>> HERRERA: Now, my
understanding in the programs is
that they are doing
that same result.
But they're doing it in some
ways where there is a diplomatic
approach and it depends on the
type of faction that's involved.
Then you have the faction
that gets involved
that wants their technology.
So they will either
hijack it to where
they move it to a
certain direction,
and they use a directed-energy
weapon at them to take it down.
>> JOSH: So they almost trick
them for a second to be like,
oh, we're being friendly because
I don't imagine they could
actually hijack the craft.
>> HERRERA: Well, the psionics
used in the programs are having
a genuine connection
with that being.
The problem is that they are
taking that UAP, piloting it
over to a certain area.
Now, granted, these
P3, is what they're
referred to as, they're also
under some sort of drug cocktail
that allows them to
work more efficiently.
But it's also a little
bit more dangerous.
It gets the results every time
that they have this operation
unfold behind the scenes.
They always get results
over the range, for example.
>> JOSH: Oh, really?
>> HERRERA: Now, it doesn't
happen every time where they
target one of these
and shoot them down.
I don't know the
specifics of it.
I don't know if it's because the
same craft they already have.
It's the same being or
whatever it might be
so they're like, OK, let it go.
We already have a lot of these.
Or there's another ship that
they don't have access to
or some type of
technology, and that's
where they make the
decision to shoot it down.
I don't know.
>> JOSH: Got it.
>> HERRERA: But the
misinformation floating around
Skywatcher is they think that
that's what's they're doing,
and that's not what
they're doing at all.
We're doing this in
a peaceful approach,
such as wanting a diplomatic
approach without having to use
any kind of weapon systems.
Now, I will say this, there
are some agencies involved,
government.
And I'm not going to name them
because I'm not allowed to.
But I will say that
they're alongside us.
If we were to utilize
any kind of threats
towards non-human
intelligence or use
any kind of exotic
technology to take them down,
we would be in trouble
by these agencies doing
that because it is illegal.
>> JOSH: But they're doing it?
>> HERRERA: Yep.
>> JOSH: But it's legal for you
to do it because you're outside
the program.
>> HERRERA: Correct.
>> JOSH: Does the US military
currently possess or use similar
technology to what you're using?
>> HERRERA: To an extent.
It's not the military.
It's interwoven into
these black programs.
So yes, military to an
extent has control over it,
but it's more the privatized
contracting aspect
of the military that does.
>> JOSH: But the dog whistle,
is that coming from the military
or is that something you
guys developed or Skywatcher
developed?
>> HERRERA: I don't
know who developed that.
>> JOSH: Oh, really?
>> HERRERA: Yeah, they won't
tell me and it's probably
for good reason.
But it's not like somebody
stole it from a program
and they're utilizing it.
This is something that
somebody engineered
to get the same results.
What the black
programs have, they
get results every single
time, such as getting craft
to appear over the range,
three-dimensional, by the way.
And this is how they
get the results.
They get the best results
that you could ever want.
We're trying to get the
same type of results
not being involved with that.
Yes, we do pull people
that are from the programs
to work on that because
they get the results
and they have the understanding.
If you're trying to get
people in the government,
and I'm talking about
the current government,
let's say, to get
the same results,
well, they don't know what to
look for because they're not
exposed to this and they
have no idea how it's done.
>> JOSH: Sure.
>> HERRERA: So we can't hire--
it's almost like the same thing
if we were to try to criminalize
all of this going on and all
of a sudden these
programs get shut down.
So we end up transferring
over to the government,
and nobody knows how
this works on their side.
So why are we going
to have to entrust
that kind of
responsibility to people
that don't know
what they're doing,
as opposed to the people that
already do know how this works,
and how it functions,
and how to utilize it,
and how to get the results?
>> JOSH: So just to be clear,
what the black ops programs have
is different technology from
what Skywatcher is using or is
there some overlap?
Well, the psionics
are an overlap.
>> HERRERA: Correct.
>> JOSH: But the tech, the
actual tech is different.
>> HERRERA: Yes.
Like I said, one is more
sophisticated because
of the reverse-engineered
technology
that they've been able
to incorporate into it,
such as getting the psionics to
utilize that type of technology
to help further
that in conjunction
with the drug cocktails.
>> JOSH: And whatever these
black op programs are using is
able to get up close
three-dimensional--
>> HERRERA: Yes.
>> JOSH: --bigger craft?
>> HERRERA: Now, from what I
understand, the black programs,
yes, it is three dimensional.
They can get them to appear
over the range, which
is how they can target
them when they choose to.
Now, again, I don't know
what the grounds are for them
to target specific craft.
I don't know about
that, but it is--
they get results all the
time with what you want.
We're trying to replicate
the same thing without having
to take the harshest approaches,
such as the drug cocktails
and having more
willing people to want
to do this as opposed to
the people that are, yes,
they want to do it and
they enjoy their job.
But we're trying to get this
more in the public sphere
without having the
secrecy involved.
The only secrecy
we have involved,
one is our security
measures because we
have to make sure
everything is safe.
We have to have classified
areas that we operate in
because we just don't want
anybody coming up to us
and disturbing the operations.
We want to have this
separated from people
so we can get the results.
It's the reason why we operate
in a classified setting.
Nobody knows where
it's at, and that's
why we keep moving
to different parts
because it keeps the safety
for everybody involved much
better, safety for the psionics,
safety for the non-humans,
safety for anybody
that's involved.
Does that make sense?
>> JOSH: Yeah, no, I
appreciate that actually.
So in your encounters, I
know a lot of the sightings
are not visual.
But in your personal
experiences, what type of craft
have you either seen visually
or picked up on radar?
I know there's Tic Tac,
jellyfish, chevron.
There's nine different examples.
>> HERRERA: Manta all that.
>> JOSH: What have
you experienced?
>> HERRERA: Yeah, the most
common one was a disk shape.
>> JOSH: Oh, OK.
>> HERRERA: It was a gold
disk is what it looked like.
That's the most
common I've ever seen.
>> JOSH: You saw that?
>> HERRERA: Yeah.
>> JOSH: With your
eyes, without?
>> HERRERA: Yes.
That's my personal interactions.
I've also seen orange orbs are
the most common ones that I've
seen.
I've seen some red orbs.
I've seen some white orbs.
I've seen some blue orbs.
So like I said,
some of the orbs,
you're looking at it
with your own eyes.
That's what they look like.
If you were to have
thermals or IR,
you may see something
in its entirety.
Sometimes it appears different
through the different spectrums
of light.
>> JOSH: Is this a better
experience during the day
or at night?
I imagine the orbs
are better at night.
But during the day, I'd
love to see a golden disk.
>> HERRERA: Well, so yeah, so
daytime you can actually make
the entirety out without having
to use the IR to do that.
That's why Skywatcher
has been good.
When they utilize--
so nighttime,
yes, you can get different
shapes that appear,
different anomalies.
But during the daytime, you
can see a much different type
of objects, like the
jellyfish that you mentioned
or like the chevron, like
the manta, like any of those.
You can actually see
the shape in daytime.
>> JOSH: How big was
this disk you saw?
Do you guys know?
>> HERRERA: It was often a
good distance so I can't give
an exact measurement, especially
because when it appeared it
wasn't there for minutes.
It was there for a couple
seconds and it went.
>> JOSH: Oh, yeah.
>> HERRERA: It vanished.
>> JOSH: That's it.
Now, you've had, obviously,
these incredible experiences.
Have you started to share these
with Congress maybe in a SCIF?
>> HERRERA: Absolutely.
>> JOSH: You have.
>> HERRERA: Some of them have.
And this was last year
with some of the results
and obviously where
some of this happens.
But some of them,
again, it just depends
on what their personal beliefs
are, which gets frustrating.
Because some of them are, oh,
I don't believe any of this.
And some of them, they've
had experiences of their own.
>> JOSH: Who's some of them?
Who are in these SCIFs?
>> HERRERA: I can't mention
in the SCIF because of the--
one, I can't name
who I've talked to.
>> JOSH: It can't be general
like it was Congress or it was
the military?
>> HERRERA: It was Congress,
I'll put it that way.
>> JOSH: OK, good.
>> HERRERA: Yeah.
>> JOSH: Do you think the
current push for disclosure
or to reveal more about UAPs and
these black projects is sincere
coming from Congress, or do you
think there's maybe multiple
agendas going on?
>> HERRERA: It's a mixture.
>> JOSH: It's a mixture?
>> HERRERA: Yeah.
Some of them are
genuine who want this.
They want the
answers themselves.
We've invited people
to partake in that.
But for some reason
they choose not
to because this subject is still
stigmatized for some reason.
And it shouldn't be.
We're trying to make this common
knowledge and common occurrence
for people to understand.
This is the thing, everybody
has a notion of if I see it,
then I'll believe it.
You have to believe
it and you'll see it.
It's the same thing with
obtaining material wealth.
If you believe and
you can visualize
and you want what
you want to do,
you can be very successful
with manifesting it
based off the visions that
you create for yourself.
It's the same type with this.
So if people put the
understanding that, yes,
if you want to--
it's like going to the gym.
I believe I can bench
press this weight.
Well, what does it take?
It takes you putting repetitions
to get to that point.
It's the same thing
with meditation.
even with academics.
It's the same thing
with business.
It's no different.
People just have
to focus and put
what their intention
is going to be.
And if they want this
to happen, meaning
they go under the
stars, meditate,
get into that state
of consciousness,
ask for that invitation,
that connection,
they get the results,
they would get it.
They just have to put their
personal differences aside.
>> JOSH: What are the different
factions and groups involved
in disclosure right now and how
do their goals or agendas differ
from each other?
>> HERRERA: Well, unfortunately,
the problem is some
of the factions or some of
the groups are more focused
on trying to get
revenue, money off of it.
>> JOSH: Of course.
>> HERRERA: We're not
trying to do that.
We're trying to get the
results to show to the public
that people can do this.
Two, you have a group out there
that's not shielded by any
organization that says
you cannot do this.
That is what makes
us unique because we
want this data to be out.
We want the phenomena to be more
of a household type of thought,
if that makes sense, that people
understand that we're not alone.
>> JOSH: Yeah.
>> HERRERA: And that there's
technologies involved to help
facilitate that.
So we're trying to be the
forefront of disclosure
to essentially make contact
on a face-to-face basis
with some type of entity or
some type of civilization.
>> JOSH: And I appreciate
you and Skywatcher so much
in your mission.
It's incredible.
>> HERRERA: Somebody
has to do it.
>> JOSH: Yeah.
>> HERRERA: And we have
the ability to do so.
And we're going to try
to refine those skills so
that way we can get that
result. And hopefully,
if we do achieve that result,
everybody will know about it.
And it will be
sincere and it will
come from a place
of wanting everybody
to unite in that
way as humanity.
They talk about Neil Armstrong
having the first step
on the moon, the first step.
Everybody says that.
We're trying to
do the same thing
with non-human intelligence
in a peaceful way.
>> JOSH: Oh, I love that.
That's amazing.
>> HERRERA: Even though this
has happened throughout history
in certain instances,
which some people,
it's rumored that President
Eisenhower at that time had
face-to-face meetings
with some of these beings.
I can't confirm that
because I wasn't there.
And I don't know
anybody who was there.
But I know for a fact that
what we're trying to do
and trying to be an open
book to an extent of allowing
this to happen, that's
what our goal is.
>> JOSH: And I think it's
important that a part
of the team is a bunch of
ex-special forces because you
guys aren't going to be
intimidated very easily,
I imagine.
>> HERRERA: No, if something
happens, we're ready.
We're ready to defend or
whatever we have to do.
It's just there's
always got to be
security involved because
it's sensitive, of course.
But two, we don't need people
coming and trying to figure out
where we're at and then trying
to get involved and trying to--
it's just you got
people trying to go up
to Nevada Testing
and Training Range
or what people call as
Groom Lake or Area 51.
They're curious.
I understand why
they're curious.
I'm a curious person,
too, but I understand
the differences between you
can be curious from a distance,
not meddling with anybody's
work that could compromise
what they're trying to do.
So I understand from both
aspects of keeping the security,
but also as a
curiosity mindset, too.
>> JOSH: All right,
Mike, big question.
From your perspective,
what's the next major step
in this disclosure process?
>> HERRERA: Well, it's
difficult. Right now,
we need everybody to
put their swords away.
We need people to come
together for this.
We're all one big team wanting
the same type of objective
to be accomplished,
that is, disclosure
in its entirety, such as
having a conversation with NHI,
such as having multiple
craft appear, or there's
a big giant event that
happens where we're basically
in a setting where
there's a lot of people
in the government, media,
everybody that can basically
partake in this event and we
invite non-humans to show up.
And if that does happen and
it's videotaped worldwide,
that would be a very
defining moment for some.
Some people have
the defining moment,
such as the president himself
coming out to a podium
and saying, here's
photos of them.
Here's what we understand.
They are real.
That is disclosure
for some people.
What I personally think people
should take this approach
is not to rely on an
external measure like that,
but to rely on an
internal measure
is to do the work yourself,
which everybody can.
>> JOSH: I don't want
you to make a prediction,
but do you feel like Skywatcher,
and right now we are on a path
to that reality?
>> HERRERA: Absolutely.
It's what we're
trying to attain.
We're not trying to
do this for any--
we're not trying to make this
into a money-making machine
because realistically, it can't.
Yes, we have investors, that
people are coming and donating
and giving us what we need
in order to pull this off
because then that gives them the
assurance that they're investing
into something that
could change the world.
And they can be on the forefront
of us as well in achieving that.
>> JOSH: Mike, this has been a
super fascinating discussion.
Thanks again for coming
forward with this information.
>> HERRERA: I appreciate you
having me on to tell the story.
>> JOSH: Of course.
Thank you for joining us.
I'm Josh Golembeske
for Cosmic Disclosure.
We'll see you next time.
[THEME MUSIC]